we were at the final table of the EPT
grand final in Monte Carlo down to four
players
and remain fabiola was the one player
kind of bluffing quite a bit and playing
very aggressively and I was looking to
get into a pot with him where I could
take some of his chips I was under the
gun I had a set off suit pretty good
hand four handed I made my standard
raise to 50,000 I believe I think the
blinds were ten thousand twenty thousand
Friday you'll lose your decision to me
close honey calls let's see how the flop
brings where we see the it comes Ike
metal part for Romain looked at the pot
and pretty quickly fired out a bet of
sixty thousand chips into a hundred
thousand pot there were two clubs on
board I thought he might have a club
draw or there's obviously the chance
that he just had completely missed the
flop and was bluffing is he in a
situation where I mean he's only gonna
fold the Rings he's either gonna read it
as a bluff worried that he's gone behind
I decided to just call evaluate on the
turn and you know if he is bluffing let
him keep coming at me will win his card
to change it
the turn was a pretty bad card it was
the Queen of Hearts it filthy if he had
ten nine he just made the nut straight
it's another over card to my eight I had
a decent read on romaine when he was
bluffing he kind of put out his chips
very forcefully and when he when he had
a hand it seemed like he would throw
them out a little more haphazardly he'd
just kind of like throw them out there
and make you think that he was you know
what I mean just kind of reverse tells I
think Shay I think Schafer's got some
kind of tail on remain here he can't he
just can't call with his small tire
unless he really knows unless he really
knows that remain is bluffing you know I
could have come over the top here but
again I just I thought he didn't have
anything and I wanted him to keep giving
me more chips you know I will have a
true River and it certainly is not
wearing exactly said same situation the
three doesn't change my mind
and he bets less than a quarter of the
pot so you know it's it's not I'm not
gonna fold on the river you know it's
very unusual I think once a play is met
got it in his head that he's winning
money calls any cool it's it's pretty
rare that that it you get really that
heightened level of certainty like I was
95% sure that I had the best hand so I'm
sitting there waiting waiting with my
middle pair and he looks looks at the
board and just bucks his hand and that's
that's one of the best feelings in the
world just knowing you know that you had
it pet him pegged the whole way and just
took a bunch of chips off of her
didn't even bother showing his cars